one more thing if you watch our show on
a regular basis you know my cousin's
hell but once a month my cousin's out
goes around our office and terrorizes us
me included he goes around he's like
throwing snowballs at people while
they're working he's dumped buckets of
ice on people water he's not a good
co-worker in general and as a result
people get very anxious whenever he
walks into a room with cameras so Sal
decided this time to go around our
office with a camera crew to do nothing
so there's no prank he's not he has
nothing to throw he is nothing spray he
just barged in and to see how people
would react to that and I have to say
this might be the greatest prank never
pulled
hey Jesse Oh vzzzzzz easy easy
hold on what's up it's just some soup
okay I heard you were sick
yeah can I put it on sick no put it down
Oh your act like an animal right oh yeah
how about I put it here huh no I'll just
put it in okay that's very expensive
equipment I got you okay have a good day
okay no tom why please here
please stop you know what I think stop
stop stop stop stop no I think this is a
nice touch just for decoration Sporty's
hate you
see hey no it's uh flu season I want to
make sure you have paralyzed all right
oh you have tissues already well you can
never have too many all right what are
you gonna do see ya
oh good day hey don't come near me
huh good near me yeah it looks nice
today
let's just stay away okay I must be him
feel Brad hold on Brad no no no right
misuk you can relax in an extra slice
come here that I saw I saw you I saw you
getting at and messy sometimes so some
napkins
being so weird
I don't know my dad what uh
what is this
but what
hey did you get my email about dinner
with Ben Stein on the 17th
do you my email are you good for the
17th yeah what's going on here what do
you put the dummy I just want to know no
I didn't get that email Holly yeah look
uh I'll resend okay very well
oh look at that relax nice more of a
sexiness
sorryi big very quiet I don't interrupt
their mating season